Add multiturn documentation (#190)
pylhc/pylhc.github.io: docs/guis/multiturn/acdipole.md

# AC-Dipole Measurements
Once all the steps have been followed in the [Multiturn GUI](gui.md), you can start the measurements with the AC-dipole.

See the gui below for the `ACDipole` tab in the Multiturn GUI:
<figure>
    <center>
    <img src="../../assets/images/multiturn_gui/default_view.png" width="85%" alt="AC-Dipole Tab" />
    <figcaption>AC-Dipole Tab</figcaption>
    </center>
</figure>

> There are two important steps to take before starting the measurements:

Reviewer: Needs an empty line below this to render the list

```suggestion
There are two important steps to take before starting the measurements:

```

1. Set the Tune Deltas, this is done by changing the `start` text fields in the `Tune deltas` of the `Horizontal settings` and `Vertical settings` sections of the GUI:
   - The horizontal tune delta is typically set to **-0.01**.
   - The vertical tune delta is typically set to **0.012**.

>    - These values result in typical excitation tunes of **Qx = 0.27** and **Qy = 0.322**.

Reviewer: I think this would better be an admonition saying it's a bit of a default for most measurements but it's not necessarily the case (there are ecloud tunes, tunes for specific RDTs, nominal tunes at end of squeeze etc)

2. Set the Kick Amplitudes by changing the `Excitation amplitude (%)` text fields in the `Horizontal settings` and `Vertical settings` sections of the GUI.

## Selecting the Kick Amplitudes

> The kick amplitudes are very important for the measurements, as they determine the strength of the excitation. Generally, the higher the kick amplitude, the better the measurement, but this increases beam losses and risks dumping the beam. In most cases, large losses and beam dumps are unwanted, so it is important to select the kick amplitudes carefully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Kick amplitudes are important as they determine the excitation strength. Generally higher kicks lead to better measurements, but come with the risk of beam losses and beam dump.
```

> ---
> **IMPORTANT**
> 
> Always ask the experts on shift if you are unsure about the kick amplitudes to use.
> 
> ---

Reviewer: Prefer an admonition:

```suggestion
!!! warning

    Always ask the experts on shift if you are unsure about the kick amplitudes to use.
```
